Restructure The Borr Project (#2)
BorrProject/borrproject.github.io: docs/computer-science/theory/index.md

---
sidebar_position: 7
---

# Theory
*Timeline: 64 - 128 hours*

> Covers everything typically found on the theoretical side of a Data Structures & Algorithms course. The rest of DSA was covered throughout [Program Design](../program-design/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Covers everything typically found on the theoretical side of a Data Structures & Algorithms course. Introduction to DSA was covered throughout [Program Design](../program-design/).
```
